Date	Stars	Title	Post
03-May-2019	2	Surely you should be listened too and made to feel welcome?	Both my wife and I are patients presently registered with this practice. We are like most of us eternally grateful for the overall care we receive from our beloved NHS. However without identifying individuals this Drs practice is not always an easy place to visit, contact, or feel at ease with. It is extremely difficult to say the least to make an appointment to see a Dr. It has become easier to see a nurse practitioner which to me is about the same as seeing a Community Support Officer from the local Constabulary when you really need to speak to a Police Officer. No  disrespect intended to any of those professions as they all are needed but are often not the relevant or needed point of contact/consultation. This Surgery very regularly tell you to either go to A and E or ring 111 or 999 should you have the audacity to press for an urgent appointment or God forbid a home visit. Whilst I am aware we all have these options it seems to be used by some staff at Riverside as their get out of jail free  card on a very regular basis. I often feel obstructed rather than helped and an inconvenience rather than a patient by this Surgery. My wife also feels likewise. We are both aware of the pressures faced by all Drs , staff and GPS surgeries but politeness, professionalism and above all caring and listening should be second nature, sadly at Riverside Practice these attributes seem to have become a thing of the past. Don’t get me wrong there are some very helpful staff there , I stress SOME. Surely visiting the Drs should hopefully make you feel better ...........often at Riverside the attitude of some employees, and Dr make you feel far worse. Maybe the appointment of a new female Dr may improve things. Only time will tell.
27-February-2019	1	Appalling customer service	I'd love to be emailing the bellow to the practise manager, but it seems if you want to complain you have two options1) Put your complaint in writing, ala 1985. (Seriously when was the last time you wrote a letter? I think for me it was to thank my great auntie for my new He Man toy)2) Call to complain (which is ironic is my complaint is about being unable to phone the person I've been repeatedly told I should)Any chance of option 3? complaints@riversidepractise? The 21st century is calling!In all seriousness though, I know they respond to these reviews so I'd appreciate an email I could forward the details of my complaint to.Thanks,Frustrated patient
20-January-2019	1	unable to get appointment	Have attended on several occasions and have never yet managed to get a doctor's appointment. The choice offered is a nurse or go to A&amp;E. Nurses can prescribe but cannot diagnose so unless you know what is wrong it's a trip to A&amp;E. There appears to be no communication with previous doctor's either, having moved from a different county where my treatment for cancer was top notch, here I have never even been reviewed, despite raiding this issue with receptionists and nurse.Prescriptions are also a problem,: my mother was placed on medication for osteoporosis by the hospital yet the practice refuse to place it on her repeat prescription form despite repeated requests and intervention by the local pharmacist.
26-July-2018	3	Impossible to get through	Don't try and ring them - there's usually one poor receptionist on trying to deal with a stream of patients and answer a constantly ringing phone. Good luck getting to speak to someone!
12-June-2018	2	Not able to get appoitment due to extremly rude receptionist	We are new to the town and wanted to register and at the same time get an appointment at the doctors due to health problems, however, from the first point of speaking to the receptionist over the phone we are really dissatisfied with this surgery as first point of contact is the reception who suppose to be helpful and not so rude and refusing like this one was.In all previous surgeries in different towns they were so lovely, friendly and welcoming and were there to help - they allowed us to bring all the paperwork in and typed it in computer while we were waiting and right away booked us appointment the same time as we were there but this receptionist made it impossible and yet was really rude and refused to book any appointment at all, trying to act like a doctor and telling us that we cannot see doc because my husband's illness is not that serious while he is really struggling over many weeks.
06-July-2018	2	Reception staff rarely nice or helpful	Have been at the surgery for years and always have a negative experience with reception, can be rude and abrupt. Rarely treated with kindness that you’d expect , clinicians are usually great but reception staff make me not want to call or speak with them when in surgery
26-July-2018	5	they always sort me out and i cannot praise them enough !	I have enjoyed an excellent relationship with staff and doctors..They have seen me through cancer and other treatment and never let me down this was from 1970 onwards
02-January-2018	5	A good team	My wife and I have been with Riverside for some time. We have always been treated very well. When I was quite ill last year they could not be faulted. I was quickly referred to hospital where I received good care too. We have just been into the practice this morning and was advised by the receptionist that one of their advanced nurses had been taken ill that morning and at such short notice they were not able to see my wife today. Because this was not urgent we were happy to come back later in the week. But some patients in the queue were pretty rude to the reception staff, as if it was their fault. I was slightly embarrassed for the receptionist. I'm not sure how you can quickly find a replacement when a doctor or nurse goes sick, but guess it can't be done the same day.     I just wanted to say that you are appreciated.
19-January-2018	5	Riverside practice feedback	I am truly happy with the service provided at my Drs surgery.  The reception staff are always friendly and very helpful and can, depending on your needs, give you an appointment with the nurse practitioners or the Dr depending on the severity of your condition. The telephone manner is always good, professional and helpful, Our Drs are very thorough and have time for you and explain in a manner you can understand what is wrong with you they do not rush you through your appointment if the reason you went is not that  simple, they are reassuring and will refer you to a specialist if  it is necessary.The nursing team are very friendly and put you at ease when you have to go for any treatments and are very knowledgeable in their fields. You can usually get an appointment on the same day as ringing the surgery and they offer an online appointment booking service, releasing a number of slots throughout the day. The surgery also has a varied amount of additional services and clinics for long term help ie. COPD, Diabetes, Coronary Heart Disease to name a few. A Patient Association is up and running there with news letters about the surgery. The practice is very wheelchair friendly with wide corridors and doors and disabled toilet facilities, in fact you can easily use a mobility scooter in there as I have seen this many times. They also offer a health trainer service. I am very happy to be at this surgery and would not want to have to change to either of the other two in the town.
24-January-2018	5	Excellent Customer Service - Medical Secretary	I phoned the medical secretary at Riverside Practice on two separate occasions to confirm information on my medical records and the lady that picked up my call was extremely helpful. As a matter of fact, I feel how she served me defines what an exemplary customer service. Really helpful, courteous and considerate. Considering I called the office on two separate occasions, not knowing you may pick up the phone, it turns out to be the same person and wow, she was good. It would be great if every establishment have someone like the medical secretary that attended to me. Thank you for a great service and a WOW experience!
11-December-2017	1	Online appointments	Practice want you to book appointments online to leave the phones free for people without internet access.  Tried for 8 hours today to get an online appointment with my GP and ended up phoning.  The earliest online appointment will be in February!! What a farce.  Am going to move Doctors!</p>
05-December-2017	5	Thank you Riverside	I am new to the Practice and felt that the way the receptionists dealt with my enquiry about joining was fantastic!  they advised me on the forms and told me what to expect about my repeat prescriptions.I saw a doctor (can't remember their name) who was lovely to my son and made us feel well looked after during the time in his office.</p>
29-December-2017	1	Quite a let down	My Wife had to attend this practice only yesterday (Thursday 28/12/17 at 08:15hrs) on the specific direction of the Doctor (seen previously) to give a Blood Sample. Then she was directed to return the next day at 9am to have the results and any treatment required that the results provided.We stood outside in the cold at 08:14 as the doors were closed and locked watching the Receptionist working away inside. So, at 08:15 my Wife tapped on the door, the Receptionist looked up at us so my Wife pointed to her wristwatch and inside. A minute later the door automatically opened and we approached the Receptionist whom said, “What was all that about?” My Wife replied, “I have an appointment for quarter past eight with your Doctor and was worried that I will be late”. The reply she received was, “We do not open until quarter past eight” in a manner that to me was rather unnecessary.Now this may not seem a great deal, but with my Wife being quite ill she certainly did not deserve such a facetious remark form a desk clerk. I just do not understand why she thought she was permitted to talk like that to people whom have to go there for help. Yet they have notices all around the Reception about patients not being abusive etc to their staff! They should be properly instructed that such requirements work both ways.As it happens the results were not back for her the next day anyway, even though the Doctor had directed her to attend for such. She now obviously has to wait until they come in which is the usual way..</p>
09-October-2017	5	Blood test	I had an appointment this morning to have a blood test. The phlebotomist was so professional as always. I have trouble having my blood took, the phlebotomist is the only one who can do this. What a pro!! I was booked in last Friday to have this done . It took 2 nurses to try and take my blood, but they couldn't find my vein. I ask why the phlebotomist wasn't doing it as I always have this problem. They were off that day. So had to book another appointment today. I can't praise this person enough, I have had to have a few blood tests lately . They always puts you at ease. You feel confident in their hands because you know they know their job! Don't ever leave. If you do, let me know where you go and ill change surgery. I am always first to complain if needed, it makes a change to praise someone , but this lady certainly deserves it !</p>
09-October-2017	1	Just lost the best Doctor you’ve ever had!	I am now looking to leave Riverside due to the recent loss of a brilliant doctor. I’ve also been told the doctor won’t be replaced - getting an appointment with 3 doctors was hard enough &amp; now you’re only having 2 but still taking patients on! How will that work!?</p>
07-October-2017	1	my experience with this practice is .............	I find the practice as a whole the shambles. you cannot get through on the phone unless you have all day   trying to get an appointment to fit round work is a joke and they advertise openly for 'no late nights  and good coffee' in job adverts. Trying to get past the receptionist who are trying their utmost to fob you off with anything to get you out of the door and off the phone. The appointments are never with a Dr .  Do they still exist at this practice? last nurse registrar appointment4.15.  Need an appointment dont bother with this practice you have more chance of winning the lottery and we all know how difficult that is. I am so glad I took my husband and daughter away from this practice and put them elsewhere and they  are better looked after.  Avoid.</p>
10-July-2017	5	Thank you Riverside 	I needed to use the services at Riverside last week. I wasn’t registered but was passing through March on my narrow boat. The reception staff could not have been more helpful. They got me registered as a visitor straight and I had an appointment with the doctor very quickly. The building looks and feels very professional and everyone I came into contact with had a smile and a friendly word. Luckily my problem was not too serious and I was able to continue with my journey. But I have been narrow-boating for many years and from experience I know some practices are not at all helpful when you are mobile.  Thank you very much to the whole team at Riverside.</p>
27-June-2017	5	Well looked after	I visited the doctor today who was kind when I was feeling so ill. The doctor has referred me to hospital for futher tests. Thumbs up doc, good job today</p>
